docs: Added a "learn the API" page (#35)
workleap/wl-squide: docs/getting-started/create-remote-module.md

---
order: 90
---

# Create a remote module

> Remote modules are modules that are not part of the current build but are **loaded at runtime** from a remote server. They are useful because they enables teams be **fully autonomous** by **deploying** their modules **independently** from the other parts of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remote modules are modules that are not part of the current build but are **loaded at runtime** from a remote server. They are useful because they enable teams to be **fully autonomous** by **deploying** their modules **independently** from the other parts of the application.
```
